according to the world health
organization h1n1 is confirmed in at
least 200 countries worldwide in fact
for an idea just how far the virus has
spread take a look at the most recent
video message from Osama bin Laden are
we rolling oh okay I laughs bar praise
be to Allah you know since it's hard to
feed a fever and you live in a cave
here's a fighter some practical tips out
of a whore piggy psy mallu free jihad 01
masala I cover your mouth when you cough
or sneeze like this if you bad pretend
sneezing come installare fight to class
wash your hands often soap and water is
best but the rebels can't be choosers
honey third cancel our mom always told
me hanging an onion around your neck
keeps disease away so be sure to line up
for your onion dialogue we're asking you
to give priority to high risk groups
like child soldiers or those with
pre-existing conditions or people in
remote hideouts oh also if you play ice
hockey for the al-qaeda flames Oh
and if you are a woman with little
insurgent growing in your belly we are
still waiting for the non a juvenile ins
Oh finally if you're really ill stay at
home there's no point dragging yourself
in a suicide bombing you're just going
to infect your coworkers seriously no
more time no one likes a martyr I think
that's it da la da file America death to
America and all that jazz bin Laden out